# Engi Mechanic Design Doc
## Summary
Engi is a society simulation roguelike that takes place during Sengoku Jidai. You can take on a number of roles, each with their own mechanics, goals, and game play styles.

## Gameplay
The goal of the game is to inhabit the world, not to “win” a predefined goal. You primarily play on the local map, that is the map that is populated with animals, npcs, and objects. You can transition to the area map for fast travel, but no animals, npcs, or objects appear on this map. However, you can have random encounters, which will bring you back into the area map. Not every random encounter is bad, sometimes, they are neutral (like coming across a deer), or good (helping someone lost or in danger). This game is designed with simulation in mind. Every mechanic that is added should be implemented historically accurate and realistically. You can get married, you can have kids, you grow old, you can get sick, you can lose limbs or be permanently disfigured from combat. Each character has their own story. You will have relations with people you talk to, depending on certain traits, you can become friends, lovers, spouses, enemies, or just be nothing to each other. If two fathers fight, the sons might take their fathers sides and also dislike each other, this can cause familial blood feuds.
- Conversations – Conversations are similar to Morrowind. You have topics you select from. A person will then talk about the topic. Depending on the person, what they do, where they are from, will be how much they know about a subject (or not know). Sometimes talking to a person will teach a new topic. Depending on your skills, you may be able to recruit a person or trade with a person.
- Relationships - Relationships are defined by familial ties, traits, backgrounds, hometowns, and memories. Each character has a few traits that define their personality. Some traits conflict, while some traits compliment. Think of Crusader Kings for the trait system. Background is the type of character you are compared to what kind of character you are talking to. Example, two farmers might be more friendly to each other compared to a trader and a farmer. However, social hierarchy plays a large role into relationships. A samurai can coerce a farmer because he is of a noble class, however a farmer can’t coerce another farmer. Upon character creation, traits can be either randomly assigned to the player character, or they can assign them manually. People can’t have conflicting traits at the same time, because that doesn’t make sense.
- Memories - Memories are the shared history between people. Characters remember if you were mean to them, or protected them in combat. They remember if you were mean to their kid or stole from them. Incidents can be forgiven, but never forgotten.

Also update the readme, and add new keybindings for new mechanics.